Things to fix in gropart

1. In Product Details Page - Need to integrate backorder products

2. Activating SMS Plugin causing issue in setting page admin

3. Error in activation of ecommerce plugin while pickrr is enabled

4. Add a condition in invoice helper for calculation of tax breakup by state if marketplace disabled

5. Enquiry me product category only enquiry wali hi lani hai in sidebar and top categories

6. Make enquiry page route dynamic setting in admin for enquiry products list page

7. Need a option on Login to allow user to login with mobile or email both but mobile number should be verified while signing up to login with mobile

8. vendor panel drop file not working

9. Enquirable products relative product, relative sale, fbt, cross sale me nhi dikhna chahiye*

10. State and city ki id aa rhi hai...esme name aana chahiye

11. SMS Gateway plugin issue kar rha hai admin ki settings me, need to fix

12. Need scroller in admin menu

13. out of stock ke time upar wali tab me dono button disable nahi hai jab ki niche wale dono disable hai

14. Need to fix thumbnail issue

15. Need a option in coupons to show at checkout and cart page by admin

16. Need to check fractionable shipping paramenter in admin

17. Need to fix UI of select box variation product detials page

18. 03 Vender panel me tags ka text box proper display nahi ho rha hai

19. Invoice me Product table proper nahi aa rhi hai

20. change paypal to payment UPI in vendor panel withdraw option dropdown

21. fix side button lenght in mobile front where change lang, whatsapp and track is coming

22. Need pop up to come automatically first time when visiting home page only for language change

23. Need a option on Login to allow user to login with mobile or email both but mobile number should be verified while signing up to login with mobile

24. Need to improve category for not coming enquiry category in top and need product category tab in product list page of enquiry

26. Google Form link in marketplace dashboard

27. Add a condition in invoice helper to show tax breakup for state if marketplace disabled

30. Need to integrate WebApp APK Bundle