Things to fix in gropart

1. In Product Details Page - Need to integrate backorder products*

2. Activating SMS Plugin causing issue in setting page admin - Vikram

3. Error in activation of ecommerce plugin while pickrr is enabled  - Vikram

4. Add a condition in invoice helper for calculation of tax breakup by state if marketplace disabled - Vikram

5. Enquiry me product category only enquiry wali hi lani hai in sidebar and top categories - Vikram

6. Make enquiry page route dynamic setting in admin for enquiry products list page - Vikram

7. Need a option on Login to allow user to login with mobile or email both but mobile number should be verified while signing up to login with mobile - Vikram

8. Enquirable products relative product, relative sale, fbt, cross sale me nhi dikhna chahiye - Vikram

9. SMS Gateway plugin issue kar rha hai admin ki settings me, need to fix - Vikram

10. Invoice me Product table proper nahi aa rhi hai - Vikram

11. Need a option on Login to allow user to login with mobile or email both but mobile number should be verified while signing up to login with mobile - Vikram

12. Need to improve category for not coming enquiry category in top and need product category tab in product list page of enquiry - Vikram

13. Make route dynamic setting in admin for enquiry products list page - Vikram

14. Add a condition in invoice helper to show tax breakup for state if marketplace disabled - Vikram

15. Error in activation of ecommerce plugin while pickrr is enabled - Vikram

16. Frequently bought product me other products me review count nahi aa rha hai

17. State and city ki id aa rhi hai...esme name aana chahiye in Customer Dashboard


----------------------------------------------------
1. Need scroller in admin menu

2. Need a option in coupons to show at checkout and cart page by admin

3. Need to check fractionable shipping paramenter in admin

4. Need to fix UI of select box variation product details page

5. change paypal to payment UPI in vendor panel withdraw option dropdown

6. fix side button lenght in mobile front where change lang, whatsapp and track is coming

7. Need pop up to come automatically first time when visiting home page only for language change

8. Google Form link in marketplace dashboard

9. Need to integrate WebApp APK Bundle

10. Change URL of Vendor Verification in dashboard


----------------------------------------------------
1. Vender panel me tags ka text box proper display nahi ho rha hai

2. Need to fix thumbnail issue

3. out of stock ke time upar wali tab me dono button disable nahi hai jab ki niche wale dono disable hai

5. Check image drop in vendor